1 -


Trading Card Games are an incredible medium for bringing people together. Their unifying force transcends age, race, religion, gender and even social status, through a common language of "playing great games".


3 -


THE NEW CLASSIC TCG
Flesh and Blood
WELCOME TO RATHE


4 -


[MISSING PAGE]


5 -


WELCOME TO RATHE

CONTENTS

World of Rathe
Regions
Professions

Solana

Dorinthea Ironsong: Tale of the Gifted Knight

Savage Lands
Bestiary of Scarborough
The Botanical Compendium

Rhinar, Reckless Rampage: Laws of the Hunt

Misteria

Katsu, the Wanderer: The Winds of Change

Aria

Bravo, Showstopper: The Star of the Show

Developement Concepts

Arcane Rising 2020


6 -


WORLD OF RATHE

Long ago, humans arrived on the shores of Rathe from a distant land, seeking a place to build their homes. They found a world of vast mountain ranges and volcanic plains, dense jungles and sheer cliffs, verdant meadows and iridescent forests. This is Rathe, a land fuelled by magic. Once home to incredible beings beyond imagination, humans have overtaken the land, spreading across the continent and changing the land around them. Some learned to harness the innate magic in this world anal wield it in battle, others choose to rely on technology and human innovation.


7 -


Once, the humans of this world were at war, clashing in devastating battles that decimated the land. For a time, it almost seemed as if humanity would be incapable of living alongside one another - but after many hundreds of years, Rathe finally entered a new era of peace. The people of Misteria withdrew into the mountains, Aria erected great barriers to protect their realm from outsiders, and the kingdom of Solana shifted its focus to spreading the Light. Volcor's empire unravelled into a state of constant warfare, as its many Generals fought amongst themselves for land and resources, while far to the north, a glittering city of copper and glass emerged, calling to like-minded individuals who looked toward the future.

Now, this era of peace threatens to descend into chaos once more. The people of Rathe have become restless as seeds of dissent take root across the continent, and the world balances on the brink of war once again.


8 -

REGIONS

SOLANA
At the centre of Rathe lies Solana, a radiant beacon of hope in a world on the brink of chaos. For thousands of years, it has thrived under the guidance of devout scholars, seeking to spread the glory and teachings of Sol throughout Rathe, and unite humanity under a single banner.

SAVAGE LANDS
A primordial jungle, this treacherous and unforgiving landscape is filled with hidden dangers and horrific beasts. From massive predators to vicious scavengers, poisonous fungi to carnivorous plants, the Savage Lands is home to some of the most treacherous wildlife known to Rathe.

METRIX
A vibrant and bustling city, Metrix is the largest hub of commerce on the continent, taking pride in the pursuit of progress and the future of technology. Whether scientist or inventor, merchant or miner, Metrix calls to all those seeking their fortune and the promise of a better tomorrow.

DEMONASTERY
Far beyond the shores of Rathe lies an island shrouded in mist, a massive, derelict manor looming over the desolate landscape. The Demonastery calls to magicians and scientists alike, offering a place to study taboo and forbidden subjects without the threat of punishment or retribution.

ARIA
A fantastical realm where the landscape is ever-changing, fuelled by a magical energy known as the Flow. Amongst the peaceful villages of Aria, celebrations and festivals are a regular occurrence, filled with performers, musicians and entertainers.

MISTERIA
Among the mountain ranges of Misteria lies a hidden world, concealed by a thick veil of mists. Removed from the struggles and conflicts of the outside world, they find satisfaction in introspection and self-discipline, training rigorously to strengthen their bodies and sharpen their minds.

PITS
Deep beneath the city of Metrix, centuries of mining have left a series of massive underground caverns. Thieves, mercenaries, slavers and smugglers have settled within the darkened caverns of the Pits, providing all manner of immoral and illegal services to the world above.

VOLCOR
Rivers of lava run throughout Volcor, pooling into massive lakes of molten magma. The citizens of Volcor are resigned to a life of servitude under the Generals, locked in constant warfare, battling for their lives beneath the watchful gaze of the royal family.


9 -


PROFESSIONS

In a world plagued by war and conflict, the people of Rathe developed ways to keep themselves safe, and fight back against their enemies. Even after centuries of peace, these professions live on, passed down from generation to generation, evolving with each passing year. Where some pursued a more offensive profession, relying on weapons and power, others took the path of defense, finding ways to protect themselves and aide their allies in battle.

ALCHEMIST

ASSASSIN

GUARDIAN

BRUTE

WIZARD

BARD

ILLUSIONIST

NINJA

NECROMANCER

CLERIC

WARRIOR

RANGER

AND MANY MORE

Whether you draw power from magic and spellcasting, wielding any number of manmade weapons, or by utilising the power within, the outcome is the same. In a world plagued by conflict, you must fight for the chance to determine your fate. Will you succumb to the machinations of others, or will you choose your own path? Pick up your sword and prepare for battle; for no matter where you run, war will find you.


11 -


SOLANA

KINGDOM OF ILLUMINATION

Legends speak of blessed pilgrims from a distant land, drawn to Rathe by the will of Sol. Upon sacred ground, they built Solana, a shining Kingdom that would stand eternal against the Shadow.

The city has stood tall for thousands of years, thriving under the guidance of devout scholars and wizards of light. Knights and templars patrol its walls, defending it from those who would trespass against its divine purpose.

One day, the light of Sol will radiate throughout the land, and bring blessings to all of humanity.

[/

TO BE A SOLANIAN

The people of Solana honour Sol in every aspect of their lives. From the young to the old, scholars to farmers, from those who live within its walls to those who live beyond; all rejoice under the infinite wisdom and glory of Sol.

Solanians take great pride in upholding Sol's will, believing that they are Sol's divine emissaries. Each Solanian must act with courage and honour, as they are living embodiments of Sol.

Carrying the glory of Sol within their hearts, they seek to spread the teachings of the light to the rest of humanity, and welcome any who seek out the blessing of Sol.

All who fully embrace Sol's light are welcomed by the people of Solana as one of their own. Those still on the path to illumination are instead given a place among Solana's outer villages.

These settlements, as well as any community that would embrace Sol's divine light are granted protection by the power of Solana.

/]


12 -


A RADIANT KINGDOM

At the center of Rathe lies Solana, a radiant beacon of hope in a world on the brink of chaos. Beyond its grand gates is a beautiful city of marble and stone, beloved to all the faithful and righteous people that call it home.

Once a small township, the wisdom of Sol has guided the city throughout the ages. All for Sol's Divine Purpose. Now a mighty kingdom, the most powerful in the land, its people seek to spread the glory and teachings of Sol throughout Rathe and unite humanity under a single banner.

Beyond the city is darkness. Crime, corruption, greed, and all manner of evil. Worst of all, a jungle of monsters and beasts to the west desecrate the land with their putrid existence. It seems everywhere one looks, there is nothing but corruption and despair; a dark stain on the hearts of man that spreads like poison.

But there is still hope. Hope in the Solanians. Hope for a future of redemption and salvation.


13 -


THE GOLDEN CITY

At the center of Rathe stands a magniificent city, towering over the golden fields that surround it. Its shining walls reflect the light of the sun, gleaming brightly, while knights clad im silver and gold patrol its borders. In the fields beyond, villages lie tucked amongst the fertile plains, safe under the watchful gaze of their great protector. This is the kingdom of Solana, a beacon of hope amongst the darkness of the world.

Those that pass through its grand gates discover an extraordinary city, built to exemplify the divine majesty of Sol. From wall to shining wall, its stone streets are lined with cheerful homes and vaulted rooftops, colourful banners swaying in the gentle breeze. At the heart of the city, a massive series of towers rise above the streets below - the magnificient Solarium, prized jewel of Solana.

The city's elegance and symmetry are apparent to all who enter.Beyond its eight imposing gates lie eight city sectors, with eight grand walkways leading through the city to the Amphitheatre at its very core. It was built in accordance with Sol's divine will, imbued with magical wards to protect all who call it home.

Library of illumination
A public library, cared for by members of the Light of Sol

The Solarium
The inner sanctum, home to the Light of Sol

The Amphitheatre
A space for ceremonies, public events and proclamations

The Silvaris
A series of beautiful public gardens surrounding the inner sanctum of Solana

The Plazas
Connect the outer city sectors, a space to gather to hear news

The Great Gates
There eight paths lead through the city to the Solarium

The Golden Fields
Beyond the outer walls are grand golden fields, numerous villages and towns under the protection and guidance of Solana


14 -


SOLARIUM
At the heart of the city lies the Solarium, a massive complex of shining towers that rise above the streets of Solana. Constructed long ago from the finest materials, it stands eternal, a timeless reminder of Sol's glory. Cast in white and gold, it remains visible from every corner of the city, and can be seen from far beyond the golden fields. Every street leads to the Solarium, and to the massive Amphitheatre at its core; a space for all Solanians to gather to hear the world of Sol. There are even those that travel from distant lands in the hopers of witnessing the grandeur of the Solarium.

Between the Solarium and the rest of the city, a wide spread of gardens encircle the radiant towers in a blanket of vibrant colours. The people of Solana frequently visit the gardens, walking amongst the trees and enjoying the many plants that grow along its borders. From grand, tall trees of verdant green, to striking, vibrant purple flowers; the gardens are a burst of colour against the brilliant, shining white of the Solarium. Almost any plant in Rathe can be found within Solana's gardens, including restorative herbs and ingredients for spellwork, carefully cultivated by the Light of Sol.

AMPHITHEATRE
Down the length of the Great Hall, beneath vaulted arches, stands a great open door. Within, a massive structure of pale marble and shining stone; the Amphitheatre. Located at the heart of the Solarium, it is a welcome sight for all who would seek out the wisdom of Sol. Even standing at the highest level of the Amphitheatre, one can still clearly hear the words spoken at its ground floor. Through the magic of Sol, the Grand Magister can address his people, heard clearly by all who gather. At noon, when the sun is at its apex, it floods the Amphitheatre with light, rising high above the heads of those who have gathered within.

SIGNARUS
Hidden beneath the earth is a massive vault, guarded by both physical defenses and powerful wards. Throughout history, many ancient artefacts have surfaced, and since the time of the first Grand Magister, SOlana has been retrieving these items and keeping them safe from those who might use thems for nefarious purposes. The Signarus remains a well-guarded secret, known only to the highest-ranking members of the Light of Sol.


15 -


LIBRARY OF ILLUMINATION
Those seeking knowledge travel to Solana for the sole purpose of visiting the Library of Illumination, a vast library located at the base of the Solarium. A grand sight, the floor is constructed from lustrous marble, with floor-to-ceiling shelves containing thousands of tomes and volumes, as well as bound parchments authored by the scholars of Solana. Great mosaics decorate the floors, depicting the history of Solana and its people. Massive statues stand in a semi-circle at the centre of the main foyer, depicting the five Grand Magisters in ivory and gold, their impassive masks silently watching the scholars working below.

Any Solanian can enter and read the tomes found within the library, which include Solanian history, and information on the various districts of Solana. It also houses public records, suchas family trees or details on significant individuals. Great tables line the hallways of the Library of Illumination, with spaces for any visitors to read and study. Travellers visiting Solana from beyond the city are also welcome to spend time here. The lower levels of the library, however, are located beneath the earth, and are only available to members of the Light of Sol.


17 -


CHILDREN OF THE LIGHT
While all those who accept Sol into their hearts shall receive Sol's blessings, only those who have fully eradicated the darkness within can be known as Children of the Light. These are the true Solanians, citizens who live within the city walls, many of whom are descendants of the original founders of Solana.

Villages and towns beyond the city walls are home to those who once lived outside of Sol's guidance, but chose to welcome Sol's light into their hearts. With time, they may work towrd true illumination, and their children may one day be accepted into the city proper and given a home within the city walls.


18 -


ORDER OF THE LIGHT
The Light is the lifeblood of Solana, a radiant energy borne of Sol. It is knownledge, wisdom and integrity; it is valour and loyalty. The Light guided Solana's founders to the shores of Rathe, it showed them where to build their home; it is what protects the city from the Shadows. Solana is blessed by the splendour of Sol, a radiant figure that has guided Solana to become the shining example for all Rathe to follow.

The Order of the Light was borne of these ancestors, noble men and women who seek to spread Sol's blessings and watch over the people of Solana. The Light of Sol is comprised of scholars, those born with a connection to light magic, studying spells in order to help their fellow man. The Hand of Sol are Solana's warriors, dedicated to protecting and watching over their people.


19 -


[/

THE AWAKENING

When a child of Solana turns eight years old, an archon will come to lead them to a room within the Solarium, in order to conduct the Awakening ceremony. This sacred space is filled with items, from ancient tomes to swords and shields, smithing hammers to aprons and looms; every trade and profession in Solana is represented within. Once the ceremony begins, one of the items within the room will resonate with Sol's light and begin to glow, revealing the child's divine purpose. Many families within Solana have passed down their trades through the generation, honing their craft through Sol's divine guidance.

/]

SEEKERS AND SCHOLARS
Every scholar first starts their training as a seeker, chosen by Sol to fulfil a divine purpose. Their affinity with the light gives them an incredible gift, a spark that can be cultivated into light magic, the very essence of Sol's blessings. A seeker's training begins with academia, studying the history of Solana and learning arithmetic.

Once the first eight years of training are completed, seekers graduate and become acolytes, and begin working in the Library of Illumination. In affition to clerical duties, organisation, and recording information, acolytes will study light magic, and begin the delicate process of developing and training their magical abilities. It can take up to twenty years for an acolyte to become a scholar, depending entirely on their talent, skill and dedication.

THE LIGHT OF SOL
There are over thirty thousand scholars in the Light of Sol. Trained in light magic, they study aether and the doctrine of Sol in order to spread the blessings of the Light. Scholars are the lifeline of the Kingdom, providing a variety of services to their people. Many scholars work within the Library of Illumination, recording and preserving information for future generations. Working in the library is considered a great honour, as their work serves to preserve the history and very soul of Solana. Some scholars will go on to contribute their own works to the library, expanding a vast collection of original manuscripts. Other scholars may journey outside the walls, working alongside knights from the Hand of Sol, and joining the parties in their expeditions and patrols.

Some scholars help to maintain sigils and protective wards around the city; some act as healers within the community, aiding the sick and injured; others work as teachers,


20 -


x


21 -


x


22 -


x


23 -

x


25 -


DORlNTHIA IRONSONG

Tale of the Gifted Knight
Centuries after the end of the great wars, Sofnna is exPeñencing cii era of pence rind prosperity, 
witfi the lnsr o/its great defenses completedand irs people wettbed over by noble protecto rs. 
And ye( a strange wind has beaun to stir once more, soit'ing seeds oJ rimrest across 
the continent. Smzngers fail from tire Eas bringing their strange customs and mystic rites to 
 the outskirts of the grand cix. To ttie South, blasphemous cnlts gotfer, dri'ven by greedand 
yluttony. Worst o/o/{ the savage parts a/r/te west gather near rhe outskirts of the jungle, 
creeping ever closer to the village under Sutona's protection.

Amidst the Brewing storm, the Hand ofsol gathers in ever furger patmls, permanent) stationing kn 
ights in villages ocmss the golden fields. As temible beasts begin to emerge,Sofano's stholam 
contin ue to search for a possible cause, and a way to eliminate the creatures once and JorUL Tht 
fini@ts oJthe Hand ofsol are needed now more than ever, to defend innocent lives/om the Mortars 
that threaten to overwhelm them all.

Childhood

For centuries, the Ironsong family have prided themselves on their 
reputation as master blacksmiths. The first generation of the bloodline were awarded the 
name of Ironsong for their work with weapons and armour, rorging some of the finest 
in all of Solana. In the years since, they have passed down their trade secrets from 
generation to generation, preserving the Ironsong name.

Dorinthea Ironsong was an only child with a penchant
for mischief Her earliest memories are of forge, and the heavy scent of smoke hanging in the
air as she watched her parents work, expertly crafting graceful blades and sun-blessed shields. Her 
mother would often talk to her while smithing, explaining everything to her curious daughter.

When she wasn't in the forge with her parents, Thea could usually be found with 
Minerva, the reserved, steely-eyed woman who ran the Golden Chariot next to the 
Ironsong forge. Her parents had known Minerva since they were children, long since 
passing the line between friends and family. While Thea knew that Minerva had 
been born outside of Solana, the innkeeper was incredibly private, and rarely spoke about her past.

In the mornings, Thea helped out with minor chores, sweeping and cleaning the tavern 
before returning to the family forge in the afternoon. Then, as all the guests were settling 
 in for their evening meal, she would take up residence next to the fire and Iisten 
to the chatter around her.

[/

Family

Lucius Herodon

Cating kind-hearted and easy-going, he has always been close to Thea, and often 
encouraged her innate desire te question the world her While 1ucius lacks the long heritage of 
his wife, he is a proud member of the Ironsong family, with a talent for forging shields.

Vesta Ironsong

Descended fom a torig line of blacksmiths, V'estu is incredibly dedicated to her work 'While 
firm und discipfined,sfie believes in heidaughtet wholeheartedly,end loves 
fler deañy. Vesta has special talent for creating weapons, and enjoys creating more 
elaborate designs Jor the templars that visit their forge.

Minerva Themis

The owner of the Golden Chariot a rnvern next to the Ironsong family forge. 
Minerva is abrupt direct und incredibly stubborn, yet thoughtful un4 wise beyond her years. Minerva's calm guidance was a
constant throughout Thea's childhood, as she attempt to rein in the unruly, inquisitive young girl.

/]

Thea was fascinated by the patrons that came to the inn, many of them travellers 
visiting from outside of Solana. She loved to listen to them share stories from their 
hometown or describe the things they had seen on their travels. Most travellers c.ime from the villages under Solana's protection, 
following one of the many paths leading to the grand city gates. Others, however, 
c. Anne fi om further afield to visit the gi-e.it Libr.a iy of [llumination, or listen 
to speeches in the Amphitheatre. The busiest time of the year, however, was c)uring the 
Solstice of Laurels.

The Solstice too k place once a year, equal Parts celebration and ceremony for 
 the Hand of Sol. Great processions of knights clad in ceremonial armour strode th rough 
the str eets of Sol.m.n, gathering at the base of the Amph itheatre. Templars, radiant 
in gold and ivory, marching with their weapons held high, their mds1‹s gleaming in the 
light of the sun.

Trainees, squires, knights, all stepping forward to receive the blessings of the Grand 
Magister. Where some were commended for completing their training, recogniscd 
before .all of Solana, others were commended Y their excellence and dedication, proudly 
accepting their promotions. After them, a few blessed individuals stepped forward to be 
inducted as Templars, receiving their masks with honour.

Thea always looked forward to the Solstice. Sitting high .above the arena, she would 
w.etch as the knights of Solana iiiarclied forward in perfect unison, their heads ra ised 
high with pride. Visitors came from all over Rathe to witness the ceremony, and see the 
noble men .ind women who became the new generation of knights for the Hand of Sol.

After the ceremony concluded, she would make her way b.ick to the Golden Chariot to 
listen to the visitors talking in hushed whispers, their voices full of awe as they 
spoke the Solstice, and the radiant warriors who marched beneath the light of the sun.

The Awakening

While Thea admired the Hand of Sol, she already knew her destiny. Her family had been 
chosen long ago to serve Solan.a as master b1.icksmiths, and she was proud to continue 
the Ironsong legacy. So, when the day finally came for the Awakening ceremony, on the eve 
of her eighth bi rthday, Thea was ready to don the bl.acksmith's apron and join leer parents 
in the forge.

Following the chancellor into the ceremonial chamber, Thea went to stand 
at the centre of the room, looking around at all of the objects lining the walls. She searched 
for the gentle light of a blacksmith's hammer activating, awakening, glowing like a 
dying ember in the heat of the forge. Yet, as The.i waited, she did not see a hammer, nor 
an anvil, tongs, or the blacksmith's heavy apron. Instead, hundreds of’ swords all 
began to shine, resonating with the light of Sol. They d.irted into the .air, flying around her 
like stars around the sun. Their glow was so bright that they began to illuminate the 
entire rooms, the dai kened hall flooding with the vibrant light of the noonday sun.


-


One sword in particular caught Thea's attention, a more experienced. Finally, 
Vesperides would come - a day graceful, thin blade with a gilded hilt. It circled closer 
 of rest, for the trainees to do as they pleased, and enjoy and closer, and on its 
next pass, Thea reached out and the company of their family and friends.

plucked it from the air, grasping it tightly in her tiny hand. All at once, the rest of 
the swords fell to the ground with a sharp clatter, still and silent upon the marble 
floor.
The next day, the Archon of Thea's district proclaimed her a prodigy swordsman of great 
potential, and Thea was immediately enrolled into training with the Hand of Sol. Even as her 
parents rejoiced, honoured that Sol would choose their daughter to be a knight, 
Minerva only watched Thea quietly, something unreadable lingering in her shrewd gaze.



Genesis
Thea, Valeria and Felix often spent Vesperides either in the Golden Chariot, listening to 
travellers' tales, or in the Amphitheatre, listening to the Magisters who spoke the word of 
Sol. On their way home, strolling amongst the verdant gardens of the Silvarium, they 
would often talk about the future, dreaming about the day that they wotild journey 
outside the walls as knights of Solana.
They wondered aloud about distant lands,

imagining what they might see beyond the golden fields.
Thea's training began with simple classes, taught by The tales they heard in 
the Golden Chariot fuelled their scholars from the Light of Sol. Their lessons covered 
 imaginations, and they dreamed together about the day everything from the history 
of Solana, to the lands they would step forward to uphold their sacred 
duty. beyond the city walls, to the many creatures of Rathe. As Most of all, they dreamt 
about their future party, and the their training progressed, this grew to include theory 
 radiant templar that would lead them beyond the great relevant to their training, 
such as the structure of gates of Solana.

different weapons and armour, how to identify their opponents' weaknesses, and how to 
play to their own strengths.
Over time, their schedule began to shift, allowing for more time for physical training to 
perfect their fighting abilities and prepare them for battle. Their lessons
Thea quickly made friends with two of her fellow covered everything that 
they might need to survive, trainees. Valeria, short and stubborn, was determined to 
information that would be crucial to protecting live up to her family legacy, 
and spoke of her desire to themselves rrom the horrors of the outside world.

one day become a templar. Felix was a dark-haired, light-hearted, enthusiastic young 
 boy, excited about their training and filled with gratitude to Sol for giving him the 
chance to become a knight. The trio were inseparable, spending almost every waking 
hour in each other's company.
Every day, Thea rose from her warm bed above the family forge and travelled to the 
outer walls to begin training. Solides through Verides were spent with scholars and 
knights in the classroom, learning theory. Exorides and Merides were spent training, 
beginning with drills to learn footwork and technique, before
’You have no need to fear the world beyond the walls,” Charts told them. Their main 
instructor, she reminded them to put their faith in Sol. ”The glory of Sol will 
protect you from any threat. Sol knows all and will always guide you to the path of the 
Light.”
Even as Thea revelled in their training, finding joy in the structure and purpose granted 
by the will of Sol, she struggled with the rigid beliefs of her teachers. 
Meanwhile, her fellow trainees grew quieter and more reserved with each passing year, 
settling into their roles within the Hand ofSoI.

Training
Sunstrike
Felix Amorus
The doubter of a templar and a lieutenan( Valeha comes Jrom a long line of k nights, 
 and is devoted to following in her mother's footsteps by becarnillg a tempior. Sâe has three 
older brothers, all ill the Hand of Sol, one o/ whom became a templar at jusr 26 
years old. Valerie is/er}', detennined and outspoken.

Felix spent the first eightI yeats oJ bis lift working alongside his father in the 
malets, while his mother patmljed the hordersofsolana as a kni$ht in the Hand ofSoL He was 
delighted whell he was chosen for the Hand during his Awakening ceremony and hopes 
to make his mother proud tels is theeiJ( caring and incredibly towel.
Chans
Steefswom
A. knight ifl the Hand o/So( Charts reochesyung trainees, helping to yolish not only 
 their swordsniansfiip, but ttieir minds as well,- teach them patience, self-discipline alid 
confidence tn their own abilities. While she is a strict and finn teacher, she'sJnir, and 
has faith in her sWdents

The parry left Solana the following day, and ventured out into the villages, patrolling 
 and offering help to those in need. Repairing damaged buildings, tracking down lost 
livestock, bolstering defenses, digging we!ls,

Come Together
After six long years, Thea, Valeria and Felix journeyed to the Amphitheatre, excited to 
meet their party and receive the weapons and armour ofa squire. The Solstice of Laurels 
commenced as a procession of noble warriors marched onto the stage, bowing their heads 
before the cheering crowds. As the trainees crossed the stage, pausing to 
receive the Magister's blessings with a humble bow, Thea turned to look out over 
the crowds before her, all rejoicing under the light of the sun. The Solstice continued 
long into the day, the figures of proud lieutenants stepping aside to give room to the templars, 
i-esplendent in their gilded ceremonial armour.
Thea and Valeria, assigned to the same party, stepped forward to meet the templar 
striding toward them. A masked figure cast in gold and silver met their gaze, armour 
polished to a bright shine, the features of her mask pulled into an aloof expression, 
 with eyes that made it seem as if she were staring straight through them.
The templar, Hala, introduced them to their lieutenant, a younger man 
named Farris; the knights of their party, Vitus, Pallas and Darius; and Marcus, 
a scholar from the Light ofSoI.
building fences, huntii2Q Wlld beasts, tracking and exterminating groups of 
bandits; anything that the villagers needed. Marcus, as a senior scholar, helped to 
heal the sick and injured, and gave speeches about Sol and the blessings ofthe Light.
They roamed the plains beyond Solana, staying in villages for weeks, sometimes 
months at a time. By day, they Worked tirelessly to help their neighbours, and by night, 
sat by the local inn's fire to hear stories from grateful villagers.
On their travels, the party often told stories to pass the time, sharing their own 
experiences or stories from Solana's history. Thea's memories of her time as a squire were 
often bond recollections of these moments, spent laughing and chatting under the light 
of the sun. She often went forward to join Hala at the front of the party, finding moments 
to talk to the radiant templar. Hala indulged the young squire, sharing tales of her past 
and lessons she'd learned while in the Hand of 5ol.
Occasionally. Thea would manage to convince Hala to spar with her, taking advantage of 
 the tiny breaks between their patrols. Wielding Dawnblade, the sword that she had 
been bestowed during her Awakening ceremony, Thea was quick and agile, darting around her 
opponent with ease. However, the templar was a

relentless opponent, constantly one step ahead. In all their time together, Thea only 
 managed to get past Ha1a‘sshield three times, basking in the quiet pride in Hala's 
voice as she congratulated her.
Several months into their patrol, one villager spoke to them in whispers, describing a 
massacre that had been discovered within the jungles to the west. They described a party of 
 knights that lay strewn across the earth, armour torn open, blood coating the ground in 
a layer of muddied crimson. The tale was not unusual, in and of itself - the Savage 
Lands were known for their dangers, and occasionally, a party was caught off guard by 
the beasts that lurk within.
However, rumours began to spread of horrific beasts errierging from the jungles, 
charging along the outermost reaches of the Savage Lands in a mindless frenzy. As 
 reports poured in of attacks on outlying villages, the party spent more and more 
 time in the villages on the outskirts of the golden fields, patrolling the area in an 
attempt to lessen the attacks.
They found villages ransacked, bodies lying in the fields, dusty roads littered with 
blood and entrails. From packs of smaller beasts, to massive creatures with armoured 
 hides, the beasts of the Savage Lands were travelling further than ever before; 
frenzied, relentless, they fought with reckless abandon, tearing a path through the 
village until they were finally struck down. Sometimes the party arrived in time to 
fend off the creatures and save innocent lives. At other times, they arrived to find an 
empty village, as ifits townspeople had vanished in the middle of the night. The only 
signs of conflict came from the occasional bloodstain, smeared along the side of a 
building, a streak of crimson left amongst the grassy fields.
Five years after the party had left Solana, Marcus woke the party before dawn. In the 
morning twilight, he relayed a message sent by an archon, summoning them to one of the 
forward camps located on the outskirts of the Savage Lands.
They travelled for almost two weeks before they finally arrived at the forward camp, finding 
a clearing filled with silver and gold. Knights, lieutenants and templars were pacl‹ed 
into the camp, almost completely drowning
out the merchant's stalls lining the border of the clearing. The templars' 
masks gleamed in the pale sunlight as they conversed with scholars, gathered near the 
centre of the clearing. Hala disappeared into the crowd to find the archon who had 
summoned them, Marcus close behind. Behind them, the rest of the party lingered at the edge 
of the clearing, watching as the sea of knights parted before Hala's determined stride.
Into the Wilderness
Along the outskirts of the Savage Lands, forward camps lie hidden between the trees, 
constructed long ago by the Hand of Sol. They serve as entry points to the jungle beyond, and 
as a safe space for knights and adventurers alike to rest and restock supplies. The camps 
usually accommodated for one or two parties at a time, and were mostly occupied by merchants, 
traders, adventurers, and the occasional band of mercenaries. Now, however, the forward 
camps were overflowing with warriors from Solana, bedrolls lining the clearing.
Any party near the Savage Lands had been summoned. Templars and scholars stepped aside to 
 gather in meetings, planning patrols and keeping the camps running as they 
discussed the growing threat from the Savage Lands. For weeks, they remained within 
 the jungle, awaiting news from the Grand Council.


Party
• • A templar iii the Hand of So( Hala is serious, distant and 
resewek dedicated to her role os Cl templar. i-lalo has o rigid code o/ rondurt strong 
morals arid little potieiice jar those who 4o nof
gp|z i:abe their role serious). She believes that Thea has the polentinl to hecome 
an inrredihle women if she could only put aside her rebellious streak and listen to her elders

• The lieatenant has worked with Hala since he was a trainee. Fliendfy end 
aptimishc, be is the heart and soul of the group, and tares veiY deep/yJor his fellow party 
members. Despite his easy-going
Then, finally, the scholars received their orders. Templars, scholars and 
veteran knights were to group together and search the jungle for information. While the 
senior members banded together, the lieutenants gathered the remaining l‹nights and squires 
 into parties to patrol the borders, and maintain a line of defense between the savage 
wilds and the golden fields. Farris took control of their party, leading them on 
 minor scouting missions along the outskirts of the jungle.
For months, they patrolled the borders of the jungle,
hunting down ariy creature that emerged from the

Farris

Vitns

Darius
Sunstrike
Marcus


Sunsrrike
nature and good sense of humour, fte is a skilled wrtmorund takes his tale as lteuteitant 
seriously. Farlis ftos a soft sput/or 7hea, who reminds him uf
*”u••^B^^slster.

Affectionately named ’Smifey' by Fanis, ViWs is sombre and taclfurn, pre/emng tofocus on the 
ras1 at hand rather than wasting ome on idle chatter. When he does speak to one a/ 
his/elbow party members, be displays a been intelligence, and a deep resPe‹:tfor those 
around him. He’s the second eldest member of the puny nt S I years of age but has no interest 
in pitching to a teaching role.

Ayoung warrior in the hand of Sol. eager to begin h”s/rsr mission as afnlly-fted$ed kni$fi t. 
/-Ie is dated t0 t/Ie glory a/Sol’s lift and holds a deep respect for the Light of sol. Jn 
another life, be n ah have been a sC/ioIor, but was instead chosen by Sof f0r his talent with 
a sword. Darius is a distant relative ofValelia .

Sfounr\ unwaveling;and detenlliiied to ascend to tñe role oJ templar. She 
practices her swordsmansliip rigomus/J, rind often asks to syar with thr other members of 
the party so that she can pe feet her skills Pt2ffas cnn find it diffClllt to hold a 
conversation, rind despite her fiest e rts, seems to possess a remarkable talent /or 
safing the wrong thing nt the wmng time.

A scholar in the light o/So{ who adores his role within Solana and is looking 
/orwnrd to the opportunity ro work with a porty o/ Rifts. fnteffigenC thoughtful and 
 percephve, he enj s expeliencing new challenges, and ts enger Jor the chante to tench the 
 two yoviig trainees in ins party.

Ajftcr being promoted to squire, Valelia hns joined the porty alongside Then Mile she's happy to 
be in the same party as one of her friends she struggles with f:cling inadequate next 
to they a ad tan't help but get fustmted wirh Theo's need to question everything. Valclia 
quickly developed a stmngfriendship wirfi the older kniQts, arid deeply respects all 
the members a/ fler porf}' @r their still and dedication
depths of the Savage Lands. Hala and the rest of her squadron were gone for days 
at a time, travelling deep into the jungle in increasingly longer journeys. In her 
moments of rest between missions, Hala would rejoin the party to check in on her 
charges and pass on any updates. Between all of the travel, meetings and 
planning, Hala would occasionally find a spare moment to spar with Thea between the trees, 
a tiny respite from the quiet frenzy ofthe forward camps.
The Road ofTrials
One day, Thea's party was returning from patrol when they caught a glimpse of smoke 
between the trees. When the camp finally came into view, the sight was 
bloodcurdling. Scraps of torn fabric were strewn across the camp, littering the dirt with 
white, red and gold; one of the tents was on fire, billowing black smoke, while another 
hung limply from the branches ofa nearby tree; blood was smeared into the dirt, a dark 
crimson stain against the dusty earth; a single corpse lay out in the open, head 
torn from its shoulders. The merchants, mercenaries and warriors that had been in 
the clearing hours prior were nowhere to be found, only a single fragment of dented 
 metal left behind to marlt their presence.
After several minutes of silence, Farris relayed their orders from a nearby scholar - 
secure the camp, guard the remaining supplies, and wait for the parties to 
return. Thea tried to convince Farris to go after the missing people, that they could 
be out there somewhere, still alive, dying in slow, silent agony as they waited for someone 
to come for them. However, it didn't work.

Day
Solides Lunedes Aedes Verides Exorides Merides Vesperides
Phonetic
saulidi:z 1u:nidi:z eidi:z ‘vIaridi:z ig'nri:z miaridi:z
Pronunciation
(solo-eh-dees) (loon-ch-bees) (ay-dees) (veer-ch-dees)
( ex-old-i’eli-dees) ( mare-eh-dees)
(vess-pear-eh-dees)
Equivalent
Sunday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday

Thursday Friday Saturday

Q_uietly, gently, Farris repeated their orders, reminding her that Sol knew best.
Thea was certain that there had to be a mistake. She had seen first-hand the brutality 
and savagery that the creatures of the Savage Lands were capable of Surely Sol, a being of 
wisdom and mercy, wouldn't tell theixi to leave innocent people to their fate, torn apart by 
vicious beasts, disembowel!ed and left to slowly bleed to death.
For a while, Thea continued to help her party clean up the camp and secure what was left, but by 
sundown, she had made up her mind. As the sun began to set and those present were working to 
secure the camp, Thea took her chance. She stole several weapons from the stockpile and 
disappeared into the shadows.
At first, she struggled to find any tracks, but eventually stumbled across some blood 
smeared against a tree trunk. Thea followed the tracks for several hours, 
stopping every so often to gather her bearings and find the next part of the trail. Then, 
at last, Thea found her missing people.
Four brutes lay within the clearing, while a fifth sat watch near the captives, its head 
bowed in sleep. Eleven people were tied to the trees next to it. Thea recognised six ofthem as 
merchants, and two more bore the armour of the Hand of Sol. The remaining three appeared to be 
mercenaries, judging by their light armour. Slowly, quietly, she made her way 
over to the two knights, untying them and handing them a weapon each. While she worked 
 on the mercenaries, she looked over, expecting the two knights to already be on their
feet and helping others - yet they were still sitting against the tree,
On closer inspection, Thea saw the wounds seeping crimson against their armour, the 
 way they were slumped forward, faces waXy and pale. They were barely going to be able 
to walk, let alone wield a weapon. The rest of the group were little better. Many of the 
captives appeared to be badly wounded, exhausted, or suffering from extreme blood loss,
Just as she began to wonder how she was going to help these people escape, she heard the 
distinctive rasp of metal against wood. Behind her, the guard rose to its feet, club 
clenched tightly in one fist. Thea drew her blade, already moving in an attempt to silence 
it before it could alert the rest of the pack, but it was too late - with a 
bellowing roar, it roused the other brutes from their slumber. As the pack lurched to 
their feet, Thea noticed one of the warriors out of the corner of her eye, struggling to 
rise, leaning heavily on the tree as he straightened.
Raising Dawnblade before her, Thea placed herself between the pack of brutes and the camp 
survivors. 5he was preparing herself for battle when she noticed a faint flash of light between 
the trees, recognising the metallic shine of silver armour. Hala and the rest of her part 
burst into the clearing, the templar holding her shield out before her as she charged 
the brutes, brandishing her sword, shining with the light of Marcus's magic. Within 
seconds, the group was under attack, and the sounds of fierce battle fifled the 
clearing. The parry began to make some headway as one of the brutes ran into the 
jungle,

badly injured. For a moment, it almost seemed as if they could all make it out okay.
Yet before they could defeat the remaining brutes, before they could help any of the 
captives to their feet, before they could even try to get anybody back to camp, a great 
bellow echoed throughout the clearing. f4ine more brutes emerged from the line of trees, 
one of them towering high above the others, skin grey and craggy, eyes dark as it 
charged toward them. They were outnumbered, overpowered, and outmatched.
The party had no choice but to flee. As Hala sounded a retreat, charging at the brutes to 
give the rest of the party enough time to flee, Thea started forward to help the 
captives struggling to their reet. Then Marcus appeared before her. Blocking her 
path, he pulled her away, dragging her out of the clearing and forcing her to run toward the 
camp. As they dashed through the trees, the air was filled with the sound of pained 
screams, echoing from all those they had left behind.
When the morning came, the sun rising to blood the forward camp with light, only three 
members of the party had emerged into the campsite. Marcus and Thea arrived first, supporting 
 Hala between them, grey-faced from blood loss, her head hanging limply from her 
shoulders. While, with some difficulty, Thea had been forced to leave the others 
behind, she had refused to return to camp without Hala. The pair round her on the brink of 
 death, badly injured from her battle with the brutes. Even as the scholars rushed to lie 
her down on a bedroll, calling light to their fingertips, her breathing grew shallower, her 
wounds still seeping blood.
Several hours later, just as Thea was about to give up hope, another group of knights entered 
the clearing, one of them carrying an unconscious Valeria over one shoulder. For 
hours, the camp was bustling with activity as other parties returned from scouting missions 
and damage control. Thea watched silently, oblivious to the commotion around her as she 
observed her friend.
As Valeria finally began to stir, Thea felt a flood of relief wash over her, rising from 
her bedroll to make her way over to her friend. Yet when Valeria glanced in her direction, her 
expression shuttered, and Thea watched as she turned her face away, a burninganger in her eyes.
Return to the Fold
In the years since leaving Solana, Thea had imagined their return to the city 
more than once: the party marching through the gates, welcomed by their people, pleased 
 to return to their home. Yet at the age of nineteen, Thea found the reality 
to be much different. Their quiet procession through the fates was sombre, the walls pale in 
the light of dawn as they passed through the city streets.
Valeria marched ahead other, carrying Vitus’ shield on one arm, completely silent. Hala sat 
atop a dark more, her face still pale, clutching her side with one arm as Thea 
slowly led her horse forward. Thea could feel Marcus's gaze upon her back, and 
she wondered idly if Sol was watching her as vrell, looking on in disapproval.
After handing in her armour, Thea made her way back to the smithing district. As she walked 
down the main street, gaze fixed on the outline of Minerva's tavern, she began to slow, coming 
to a halt in front of her childhood home. Through the open doors, she conf d see the forge 
burning brightly, smoke wafting out into the gentle breeze as her parents rushed toward 
her with open arms.
She spent several hours with hex parents, answering all oftheir questions with a growing 
sense of exhaustion. Finally, she found an opportunity to slip away to the Golden 
Chariot. The moment that she stepped through the front door; Thea came face to face with 
the tavern owner's steely gaze. For a moment, both stood completely still, 
staring silently at one another.
Streaks of grey had appeared in Minerva's vibrant auburn hair, dark circles hanging 
beneath her eyes, fine wrinkles lining her skin. 5he looked so much older than Thea remembered, 
 and yet somehow, it seemed as if she hadn't changed at all. Just as she opened her mouth 
to say something, Minerva suddenly lurched forward, wrapping Thea in a tight hug.
In the familiar comfort of the inn, Minerva listened silently as Thea described the last 
few years. She spoke of the rumours that had spread, of the fear and unease, of the village 
 that they'd found in ruins. She spoke of travelling to the Savage Lands and patroII 
ing the

outskirts of the jungle. She spoke of coming back to find the liirward camp in chaos, of the 
captives that had been taken and the people still missing. She spoke of’ leaving to find 
survivors, of stumbling across the pack of brutcs, and trying to help them, and how 
it had achieved nothing. That four of her party members had died trying to make up for 
her mistake. 4 hat they hadn't even iiianaged to save any of the captives in the 
end. When Thea was finished, Minerva smilecl sadly. “1 know that yoti were only trying 
to do the right thing. That’s what matters, Thea.”
Yet even as Minerva comforted her, Thea felt the bii rden of her inista1‹es 
weighing on her shoulders, unable to forget the deaths that she had caused.
Redemption
For months, she waited, helping to serve customers in the tavern, working in the 
forge, and travelling to the outer walls for sparring sessions. The Solstice came and 
passed, and while her fellow sq uires were inducted into the Hand of Sol as frill 
knights, Thea remained on the outskirts of the cereinony with the other Solanians. For a time, 
it almost seemed as if she would never don her armour again, and) she wondered 
what happened to those who failed to fulfil ther r chosen role. Arid then, she received a 
summons from Hala.
The tern plar stood taI1, radio n t in the centre of the antechamber. Her sh ining 
armour mid and possible signs of what had happened, .ind Thea struggled to tell if Hala was 
fufly healed, or if she had strRé red any lasting injii ries or scars. Thea 
struggled to meet her gaze; head bowed as she murmured her greetings. For 
several moments, silence filled the room, until finally she lool‹e‹l up. Hala's 
tmp.issive mask st.bred back at her, even as she gently placed a hand on Thea's shoulder.
“Are you ready to prove yourself?”

Rite of Passage
Once a year, the kingdom of Solana holds the SolScice of’ Laurels, a celebration of the 
Hand of Sol. Templars, resplendent in their ceremonial armour, lead great 
process'ions of knights through the city streets, g.nthering
at the base of the Amphitheatre. Then, at soon, the ceremony would finaily begin. 
Squires completing their training step forward to stand before the Grand 
M.agister, heads bowed as they proudly receive the blessings of Sol. Thea slowly 
stepped forward, bowing tleeply before the radiant figure of the Granrl Magisrer.
Despite the prestige of her dccoiriplishment, promoted to Lieutenant ar 
just twenty-one years old, Thea remains strangely solemn. She cannot forget the evenrs 
that have led to this momenr, or the people that she has lost along the way. With her 
mistakes weighing heavily upon her shoulders, Thea is determined to do better, and 
become an exemplary lieutenant worthy of her position. Before the people of Solana, Thea 
makes a promise to herself - she will learn from her past, follow the will of Sol, and) 
honou r her people.
“1 n the name of Sol, I swear thdt 1 shall serve Solana to the best of my .ability, 
until death relieves rue of this sacred duty. 1 swear thee I will protect Solana, and 
 ali those who live with in its walls.” Her voice rang otit, cutting through the 
 hushed quiet of the crowds watching over her. “8y the blessed light, 1 shall carry 
out this oath, and never shall I knowingly nor willingly violate this, my 
soleinn oath and obligation as a lieutenant of Solana, the outstretched hand of Sol. 
By the glory of Sol's light, in Sol's name, so shall it be.”



unre presented by any ma p, ‹4 r e to its slace r size a nd the da ngers t la at 1 ie wit hiya 
Ii
* i-emains un touc hed by thc passage of rime, as genci a tions of 14 umans ray and 
fail
to tame or sett le any part of the vast | maple.
“'  The hrst known explorers to survive rlae Savage hands 
cJescribed a treacherous
. n‹1 nForgiving landscape, fi II ed wi th In i‹1den cl.1 hers .1n‹l horri fir I›easrs 
Wirh no laiadmarlcs to note ther r passage throuph rhe jtiiagl e, they found rla enisel 
ves lost w itla n an endless mass of trees, wi th Ja o way to navigate r1 e | ungle. 
Many members of rhar fi ref party losr rh ir I ives wirlJ in the wilrlerncss, rhc ir 
corpses leftro i”ot anJongs£ Elec ti”ces. Howeve r, those rhar su lived I erui”ned wirlJ a weal 
rim of n£orinat+on on rhe clange re a+ d mysreries uI t he prH zurdial jur\gIe.
From mass rve pi eda tors to vJcions scaveI gere, pot soJaohis Iurugi to ca rn ivoruns plan 
rs, t la e Sa vale Lan Els ire host to sonic oI the rnos t u ni‹ uc, t reac herons a nd 
vile w Jld1 fe known to Rathe. Explorers leave described being launred Ly darlc
” ' creatures that stalk their prey from the shall own; or 
watch ing ther r fellow
• adventurers writhe in agony .as a dead ly roxin sprc.ads 
through their bloods trcam; or riyi ng in va in to la1 de froin some iaaass ive, ra i4i 
pagJ14g beast, rra zpli ng a+1yt hing laac c ressex i rs path. The Savage La Ids is a 
+Ja i JetJe1'J ol on known dangers, waiting ro c laiiJ4 rhc lives oflrh‹• care less ancl the i IT 
 prepa4 ed.
Des|a i re th c dantei”s, looIha rely ad venrrt i”ers garlJer fi”ona al1 over Isa 
rde, at rra cted by r h e sto ries of s ucces stir1 h u nts and famed ex p to re rs. A 
grow rug ri u rnber o L e Ja ca ir pJn e n ts ha ve a p per red on th c outsl‹ i rts of the 
jti ngle as mo re
.a dven rrt rei s concinrtc ro a i rivc, i isk i ny chci lives i iJ In otacs of .Ich ieving ñJ 
mc ancl


RHINAQ RECKLESS RAMPAGI

Laws of the Hunt
A vast primordial jungle, the Savage Lands are uncharted @ any may,
and its trne size remains unknown Ancient uees rower oboye ttie

crowded canopy, casting shadows on saplings struggling towa rd thr fight. Rr dense 
vegetation casts a heavy blanket of silence over rfie jungte, bmken only by the sounds of 
massive beasts clashing through the undergrowth Deep within th e jungle, savage predato re 
prowl through the shadows, while vicious stavengers fight to the dents over s‹:raps of reeat. All 
those that call this place horne, from tht srnnJlest insect to the largest tree, must fight tooth 
anti nail for their continued survival.
With crraturrs venturingJrfber and further beyond the jungle's outer limits, wandering into 
golden welds and attaching villages, the townsjblfi have sought out the hrlp of th0fr greDt 
p•otettor.Shining Knights marrh into the jungles, hacking dovni anything that crosses thrir 
pnth. the beasts of the Suvnge lands seek our the intruders, preying on any warrior who leaves 
themselves open to attack As rensions began to rise, the jungle itselfseerns to be 
stirring.preparing to eliminate any human that steps within its bounds.

Hide
This is the harshest habitat in Rathe, a massive jungle filled with vicious predators and 
savage wildlife. Inside a small hollow, beneath the roots of a haldor, a small pup opens its 
eyes for the first time. This is a brute, one of the fiercest predators in the Savage Lands. 
Yet, as he crawls out of the pile of rotting carcasses, he is no more dangerous 
 than a newborn jacara.
Hunger drives him to leave the safety of his burrow, following the scent of fresh blood 
on the air. This will be his very first hunt - and may very well be his last. Small, weak 
and defenseless, the young brute is easy prey for anything that finds him.
However, nearby, a pair ofstrix lurk within the dense undergrowth. They notice the 
brute immediately, longing straight toward the helpless infant. With a wail, he tries to 
roll ont of reach, struggling against the strix' iron grip. Even newborn brutes such as 
this one have incredibly sharp teeth, his canines tearing through one of their wings. In 
their panic slips away, quickly fleeing back to the burrow. He curls up in his pile of bones once 
more, hungry, but alive. Perhaps later, he will have better luck finding a meal.
Kill or be Killed
After a successful hunt, the brute feasts upon his prey. However, the scent of 
blood often draws nearby creatures, who come searching for a free meal. Even 
when he bellows in an attempt to intimidate them, the young brute is rarely seen as a 
threat.

Skera, peluda, ank'is, brawnhide; kings of the jungle, fighting tooth and nail in a 
primordial wilderness. There is no rest, no respite. From the first light of dawn, the 
predators begin to roam, and their prey must constantly be on the move if they wish to 
survive. Ensnaring vines and vibrant flowers entice their prey into drawing closer, their 
curiosity proving to be their downfall. Even after the sun sets, the predators continue to 
stalk through the darkness, searching for sleeping prey to feast upon.
This is a lesson repeated across the Sdvage Lands -you must always be ready for a fight. 
If you cannot defend yourself, you become another beasrs' meal. IFyou cannot protect your own 
meal, you go hungry. The brute is up for the challenge, but these predators have sharp 
talons and massive tusks. Even with the brute's claws and strength, he struggles 
to hold his own. Yet while he often suffers injuries, he refuses to back down, either fending 
off the beast or escaping with some scrap of food.

It is in this endless wilderness that the brute grew up, battered by the constant fight to 
survive. Some days, he is h unter), constantly on the run. Days would go by as he wither ed and 
wilted in starvation, hiding from a predator following his scent. Yet others would 
see him betome the hunter, lounging within a secluded den with a full belly.
As cnch season passes, rhe young brute grows. He becomes stronger, standing 
 his ground against predators, no matter how large. The | ung1e sees hi in 
become .a predator in his own right, na.ai king out a place of his own within the Savage Lands.
Bide Yottr Time

Straying further and neither from his birthplace, the brute travels north, to 
lands filled with larger, more dangerous predators. While the prey is plentiful, the 
beasts here are massive, powerful masters of the hunt. Roars and howls echo through 
the trees, fragments of bone coating the earth, carcasses scattered across the jungle 
 fioor. Toxic fungi, poisonous berries, and meat-eating plants spread across the 
 l.indscape, preying on the weak and the unaware.
However, any creature can full vict im to their primai co Rios it y. ’the brute continues 
 to investigate th.it which should be left alone. Abandoned c.Amps, narrow caves, hollows 
 and burrows and barren wastelands, even the r.me trails leading to the outer reaches of tllL 
Jungle.
He fincls ‹II kinds of things - metal c.arapaccs; large clubs of wood; handheld 
talons and massive canines; furs and leathers and hides; shards of metal: carcasses, 
skulls .I nd bones from unfamiliar creatures. Some things lie takes, making a protective 
hide for himself; and a Mass ive wooden club, He feasts on Stra nge creatures, with 
crystalline hides and stone shells.
Set the further he travels, the more d.angerous the land becomes, with ever more 
predators lurking in the shadows.
The jungle has become far more com plex. Beasts roars in massive packs, while savage 
predators stalk throiigh the shadows. Venomous bites and toxic scales ensure a slow, pain 
ful rleath; sCdvengers roam between the trees in packs, sea re h ing for easy prey. Fhe 
injured,
the ill, the young .ind old; in this pi2rt of the jungle, any sign of weakness will spell 
demise.
Meanwhile, furless, leather-clad creatures gather to the East. With no talons or 
fangs to speal‹ of, they wield pieces of met.it, their large packs and 
 sheer determination ourweiglaing their wealcnesses. Tracks and bones left in the 
earth speal‹ of hunters wearing silver shells, trampling eveiyth ing in ther r path. 
White the brute has yet to encounter these strange creatures, he prepares h imself for d 
fight, keeping a wary eye out for the tr.icks they leave behind.
For even the most experienced hunter, these are treacherous lands, and biding your 
time might well save your life. The brute lies in wait, skirting along the edges of a tall 
cliff face, avoiding the largest and the fiercest beasts that would spell certain 
death. He avoids the barren wastelands and the strange lakes, the acrid scent of death in 
the air.
After all, it is not only beasts that spell danger in the Savage Lands. Some areas of the 
jungle are dangerous in their own right, unfamiliar territories that promise a slow death 
to any creature fool ish enough to enter.



Never Bacl‹ Down
It does not last forever. The brute soon becomes a predator. Rhinar marks a 
 place for himself’ amongst some of the most dangerous beasts in the Savage Lands. This 
is his territory, lits kingdom, and any creature who dares to svep foot wit h i ii his lan‹J 
will die tor it.
Now fully grown, the lear and caution have givci› way to aggression, an overwhelming tirge 
 to carve out a territoiy for his own. Yet Rhinar grows ever larger, towering 
 over che other predators of rhe jungle. He drives scraps of metal into la is club, 
the rashari branch he'd once scavenged from the forest floor; adds the

jawbone of another brute and the nisk of a young brawnhide.
Rhinar begins to hunt down predator and scavenger alike, any possible threat, any 
creature that consumes the prey that belongs to him. He fights tooth and nail, beating 
them down with his club and his fists. The first beast to challenge him pays dearly for it, 
a peluda that attempts to drive him away from its hunting grounds. He crushes its skull 
into the cold, hard rock, brain matter dripping onto the stony earth. The curve of his 
club sends skull fragments flying across the clearing, blood pooling onto the earth, 
strips of fur and hide hanging limply from the jagged wood. Rhinar tears into it with 
his bare hands, shoving mouthfuls of steaming viscera into his gaping maw.
One by one, he destroys any predator on his land, devouring them whole. Scale or 
fur, crystal shell or venomous fang, he hunts them all. The crack of bone echoes 
through the trees, creatures fleeing from the overwhelming stench of decay that 
hangs in the air. Rhinar grows ever stronger on the constant feasting, consuming 
flesh, cramming the fresh organs down his throat by the handful.
The silver-shelled hunters still lingered near the edges of his kingdom, elusive, only 
leaving faint tracks or an unfamiliar scent to mark their passing. Even as he 
roamed further from his hunting grounds, he could not follow their scent for more than a 
moment. Despite the warnings he left behind, they failed to retreat, tramping through the jungle 
as if set on a predetermined path.
The hunger drives him further still, beyond the boundaries of his territory. He 
hunts larger and larger beasts, crushing them into the earth, throwing himself into fights 
with reckless abandon. Rage overpowers any remaining instincts for self-preservation, 
abandoned in favour of the steaming entrails chat he devours from fresh carcasses.
Ripping tusks from skulls with a single swing, toxic scales torn clean from their hide; not 
even the venomous bite of a rek'vas can deter him from the overwhelming urge to destroy.
His skin turns almost grey, covered in a slimy coating of marrow, blood streaked through his 
hair, viscera
collecting beneath his nails. His rampage drives him ever further from his lands, 
seeking larger beasts and tougher fights. Rhinar's territory grows larger and larger, as he 
massacres more and more creatures in his endless need to consume and destroy.
Bones and teeth form a chain around his throat, his body decorated in the trophies 
of his hunt. Rhinar's kingdom is silent, empty. Every remaining creature has fled; prey 
and predator, hunter and scavenger, all running from the beast that has carved out 
 a home for himself in flesh and blood.
Strengrh Rules All
Dusk is the most dangerous time within the Savage Lands. The darkening night would strike 
terror into even the most seasoned hunters, as vicious predators emerge from their dens to 
stalk through the shadows, hunting sleeping, defenseless prey. In the dim light, a 
hulking shape storms through the overgroWth, mindless of thve racket that it was creating.
Rhinar returns from a successful hunt, his hide streaked with blood, stomping through 
the shadows as if daring any nearby beast to challenge him. Yet as he drew closer to his lair, 
he caught on unfamiliar scent on the wind, faint tracks marl‹ing the earth. Something 
had entered his territory, a pack of creatures hunting on his lands. Despite the blatant 
disregard for all warning signs, entering his land without hesitation, a faint smell offear 
lingered in the air.
His clearing was filled with strange creatures, with shells of silver and gold 
metal. The critters flocked around his hut, poking it and barking at one another. 
While they looked small and sickly, something about the creatures gave him pause. Rhinar 
released a bellow, the roar echoing through the trees like a thunderclap.
With a sharp clatter, the nine creatures turned to face him. Immediately, they sprung into 
action, the pack barking at one another as they moved to surround Rhinar, wielding 
 massive metal talons. One member of the pack, clothed entirely in fabric, threw open his arms, 
revealing a stream of sunlight that burst through the air. The bolt grazed his side, searing his 
thick hide.

’the pack began to close in, br.andishing their we.ipons as they yelled, drawing closer 
 and closer, leaving nowhere for Rhinar to escape. Mote bol Is of ptlre I ight blasted 
th i ough the air, wh ite-hot and almost blinding. Two of the creatures revealed 
large, pointed sticks, attached to lengths of white rope. They threw the 
weapons at hirn, and as the sharp prongs flew through the air, they pulled the rope taut 
over the top ooh is body.
Struggling against the restraints, Rhinar fails to dodge their arracks, silver talons 
slashing through his thick Icicle with case. Blood stleanJs from the open wounds, 
coating the earth in crimson. When he tries to strike out at them, pulling at the ropes, he 
 finds that their silver shells are as hard as stone, a sharp, hollow clang ringing through the 
trees. Even his claws fail to rip through the shell, and lits strongest blows only serve 
to knock their off balance. Slowly but surely, Rhinar began to grow weaker, the world 
dulling to a hazy, burning red.
A memory surfaced, taking him back to a warm, mid-autumn day; a young pup at 
 the mercy of the wilderness, overwhelmed by fear. The end less fear turned 
to rage, fuelling a fire that flooded through his veins, bringing with it an all-consuming 
blood rage.
Rhinar charges forward, tugging himself free of the ropes, sustaining several gashes 
in the process. He bowled over otie of the larger creatures, leaping toward one of the 
smallest members of the pack. Her fear was a sh.Grp note in the air, the acrid scent stark 
against the fire of’ his bloodrage. A single blow to the side of her head sent her 
flying to the ground, and before she cotild struggle to rise, Rhinar leapt upon her. 
Tearing away her silver shell, he drove his fists into her, the loud crack of crushed bones 
eC hoing through the clearing.
The rest of the p.ack faltered for a single heart beat, .and in that same instant, 
Rhinar charged at another, c rushing the creature's skull between his hands. Another 
crashes into a tree with a sickening crack, while a third falls to their knees, screaming. 
The scent of’ blood drove him into a frenzy, tearing through the clearing in dn 
unbridled rampage. ‘the rest of the pack rallied, holding their weapons aloft as they charged. 
Their talons slashed through the dir, one of them c utting Rhinar's tough hide, a trail 
of blood stre.iming down his shoulder.


He stormed into the heart of the frdy, ripping one cre.wire's head clean off 
its shoulders, its corpse dropping to the earth with a duII thud. One by one, they began 
to fall, faltering, bones crushing easily beneath the might of h is blows. Even .is they 
tried to escape,

KATSU, THE WANDERER

The Winds of Change
Amongst the isolote4 peaceful quiet of the mountain ranked lony- forgottenclans /tide 
themselvesbeneath a blanket a/mist. They remain a secret to the or/ter villages of Misteriq 
their names struck font even}' fiecord, their continued existence a testament ro the 
derermination a/ their ancestors. Vet some of these clans wont emerfe once more,and rm'eal 
the secrets ofMisteria’s history.
The Mugenshi clan, Arriving serliided themselves long ago, remain afficted by an 
ancient cuuse that continues to take lives nJter rheir self- imposed isolation. Each year, a nu 
tuber of their tlan waste nwaJ, their pfiJsicnl and inentnl wellbeing deteriomting os they 
 descend into despair. While many believe that o cure is all but impossible, some 
wonder whether the possibility of a cure is worth netting the mounrnins beyond their ancestral 
home.

Stalemate

Silence. The last of Katsu‘s words echoed through the room as he watched the 
grandmasters turn their faces toward him, expressions cool and unaffected, as still as a lake 
in the midst ofwinter.
“ft is not yet time.” Master Takurni spoke, his voice a counterpoint to the stillness 
of the room. “There are things that have to be taken into consideration. Autumn is already upon 
us, and you know well that the winds are more active at this time ofyear. That aside, the clan is 
not prepared FOR such a journey.”
“1 am not asking for the entire clan to leave. Let me take just a couple of Grandmasters 
 with me, and we can begin the search.” Katsu gestured to the doorway, to the distant sounds 
of people sparring outside. “1 know others who would join me, if it meant possibly 
finding a cure-”
Another grandmaster raised his hand, waiting for
silence before clearing his throat.

“The clan has been dealing with the Seikan for generations. If there was a 
cure to be found, it would have been discovered years ago. As head of the clan, you have 
duties here that you must attend to. You have a responsibility to your people.”
”How can I be responsible for my people when they continue to wither and die from an 
illness that we do not understand? Dtiring my Jokyoku, I spent years travelling
across Misteria and never once saw its like. Perhaps the
way to a cure lies beyond these mountains...”

“Absolutely not,” Master Saori interjected, shaking her head. “We cannot risk revealing 
ourselves to the rest of Misteria, least of all to the Great Households, It is not yet time. 
Katsu.”
“When will that be? We lose members of the clan to the Seikan every year, as we have for 
centuries. When will it be the right time to finally begin searching for a cure, and find a way to 
save our people from this fate?”
The room fell to silence once more, every gaze fixed firmly on Katsu.
“We will know.” Takumi's voice broke through the quiet, as usual, his tone level and 
 calm. ’then the time will be the first to know, Katsu.”

Divergence
The village was tranquil in the early evening, as the clan had their evening meal and 
prepared for sleep. Only a handful of senshi were wandering between the 
buildings, some returning late from their training, others keeping a watchful eye over 
the Mtigenshi Gorge. Each of them bowed to Katsu as he passed, as he stopped to bow back before 
continuing on his path.

As leader of the clan, no one questioned Katsu's presence at this late hour. The 
very air around him was still as he made his way to the ancestral shrine, kodachi sheathed at 
his side. A faint breeze stirred as he passed into the shrine proper, slowly lowering himself 
to kneel upon the cool stone.
Jt's beeii almost two years, and I am stiff no closer to convincing fhem. Katsu 
looked up to gaze at the sliver of night sky visible at the edge of the shrine, faint 
stars dotted against a sea of inky blue. Tory never have a renson, only excuses. they are 
a]faid of leaving the gorge, afraid of change - they may never agree to my ideo, or to look 
into a cure at all. Not when the in/ormntion lies beyond the clan gmunds.
Slowly, he pulled a long bundle from behind one of the statues, peeling open the layers of 
fabric to reveal his supplies. For several weeks, he had been slowly gathering supplies to bring 
to the ancestral shrine, preparing for this exact moment. Despite their age and 
detached composure, the grandmasters were sharp as a tack. If any of them caught wind of 
Katsu's movements, they lil‹ely WOUld have found a way to bring his plans toa halt.
Quietly muttering an apology, he rewrapped the bundle and slung it over one shoulder, 
darting atop the shrine to balance on the edge of the rockface above. In a fluid motion, he 
pulled himself through the gap and out into the fresh air above, climbing onto the edge of 
the cliff
Crossroads
The crescent moon was a thin sliver of silver in the night sky, its soft light muted by 
the dense storm clouds lurking on the horizon. In the cool night air, a figure 
slowly emerged from the mists, a straw hat casting his face into shadow. Howling winds 
coursed through the gorge behind him, echoing deep into the mountains and disturbing the peaceful 
quiet ofthe evening air.
He turned to survey his surroundings, gaze sweeping over the landscape before him. Yet 
nothing else stirred, and he remained alone amidst the trees, a single figure cast in dark 
grey. His muffled footsteps carried him forward as he darted along one of the ropes 
swaying between the cliffs.
A well-worn map lay tucked into his shirt, marking the paths from village to village. Over his 
years ofwandering, he had long since found the trails leading to Mistcloak Gully, marked 
only by the passage of travellers such as himself. While several years had passed since 
 his last journey to the town, the path remained unchanged, cloaked by a thick blanket 
of mist.
Two nights and two days passed in quick succession, sleeping in the warm sunlight, and 
travelling by the pale


light of the moon. A peaceful silence hovered over the mountain ranges, a layer of mist 
roaring the plants in glistening dew. The calm evening air brought a lightness to Katsu's 
chest as he traversed the cliffs, wandering along the faint mountain trails.
It had been many years since his return to rhe Mugenshi Gorge to take over as 
the head of the clan, and in the time since, he had almost forgotten how it felt to travel in 
this way. While a part of him longed for those peaceful days, taking his time as he 
journeyed from village to village, he remembered his purpose for leaving, and the 
duty he had to his clan.
Yet on the third night, shortly after rising and continuing his trek, he 
paused, slowly drawing his kodachi. Eleven figures emerged from the mists, faces 
obscured by halfimasks, eyes flashing in the dark.
“Be on your way,” Katsu warned, voice low and calm. ’there is nothing for you here.”
“It has been some time since we met a member of the Mugenshi.” One man stepped forward, hands held 
palm- up before him, showing that he was unarmed. While his mask remained, obscuring the lower 
half of his face, a scar rose from beneath the fabric, the mark of a burn marring his 
skin.’be were simply curious - why

would the head of the clan leave the gorge? We were under the impression that you 
 already passed the Jokyoku.”
“Interesting that you should mention the Jokyoku by name, when not one of you belongs 
to the Mugenshi clan.” A wry laugh met Katsu's words, muffled by the cloth covering the 
stranger's face.
’There is much that we know about your clan. We mean the Mugenshi no harm you and your 
people keep to yourselves, and cause no trouble, so we shall not cause any trouble for you. We 
have not known a single leader to leave Mugenshi Gorge after completing their Jokyoku. If there 
are storm clouds on the horizon, we would be grateful to know of their presence.”
’these mountains have weathered many storms, should a simple sun shoWer cause so muCh 
concern?"
“Even in the largest pond, a single raindrop causes ripples. We would know that rain is 
coming, so that we might prepare for any ripples heading our way.”
’there are no ripples to be found, nor any rain.” Katsii shook his head slowly, fingers 
grasping the hilt of his kodachi.
“I see.” The man's hand settles onto the hilt of his own blade, eyes narrowing. “It is a simple 
request; I would not think honesty to be so complicated.”
“If it's such a simple request, why are you so quick to draw your weapons?” Katsu shook 
his head. “I have no quarrel with you - I would prefer to continue on my way. There is no need 
for us to come to blows over this.”
“I'm afraid that isn't entirely true. lf you are so reluctant to share your 
plans with us, we shall have to convince you otherwise.”
The mashed figures moved as one, darting through the shadows to strike at Katsu, their blades a 
flash ofsilver in the pale moonlight. Twisting out of the way, he called upon the wind, 
the air swirling around him as he moved to attack. The wind rushed outward in a 
torrent, streaming past his foes as he dodged past their blows.
With a quick flick of his wrist, he slashed open one of the figures, turning on his heel to 
cut down another in the moment before they struck The wind curling
around him helped to deflect some of the assassins, pushing them back several feer, 
yet others continued to get closer. The flow of battle shifted as Katsu went on the defensive, 
gathering the wind around him as he began to prepare for another blast.
Dut of the corner of his eye, he noted a streak of crimson as more men raced 
into the clearing. They immediately joined the fight, closing in on his 
opponents with pinpoint accuracy. As most of his assailants were drawn away to 
defend themselves, Katsu struck out at the remainder with a blast of wind, sending them tumbling 
 to the earth. His kodachi sung as he struck, quick as lightning, storming 
through the clearing to descend upon them.
The group quickly banded together, gathering around their leader. He turned to glare at the 
crimson-clothed ninjas surrounding them, neither of the two sides moving to close the 
gap.
‘You rebels need to learn to stay out of our affairs. You cause far more trouble than you're 
worth.” With a quick, sharp whistle, the man motioned for the group to retreat, 
maintaining eye contact with Katsu all the while. Every member quickly disappeared into the 
dark night, some of them clutching at their injuries as they darted into the line oftrees.
Those who remained in the clearing all turned in unison to look at Katsu, 
identities obscured by pale masks covering the top half of their faces. One of the men 
 removed his mask to nod at Katsu, his cheek marred by a small, curling scar. 
He gestured over his shoulder to where the other men had disappeared, raising an 
eyebrow.
“Interesting, that the Scales should single you out. It appears we have a common 
enemy.” The rest of the group slowly gathered just behind their apparent leader; crimson 
robes draped over their armour.
“What would make you think that I'm their enemy?”

’they don't stop to talk to just anyone. For them to meet with you personally, 
 you must have done something to catch their eye.”
“Not quite.” Katsu shook his head in response, eyes narrowed. “If they do not often speak 
to those outside

their organisation, I find it curious that you would be so familiar with them.”
‘be are a group known as the Crimson Haze. We've been at odds with Aui's Scales for a 
couple of centuries now. they didn't exactly take well to our founder's agenda and 
judging by the pendant hanging around your neck, I'm assuming that they have 
 a problem with your clan as well.”
“Is a simple jade pendant so rare? 1 have seen many
others on my travels.”

“It is the symbols carved into it that give you away. Usually, only members of the 
Great Households wear seals such as yours, but the one that you wear is different to any of the 
other clans. I can only assume that you're from one ofthe hidden households.”
“You speak as ifyou belong to one as well.”

“Its name would mean nothing to you.” The man shook his head. ’Your struggle is 
ours, stranger. You should join us; we may be able to help one another.”
’You have no way of knowing that.” Katsu straightened, slowly sheathing 
 his l‹odachi, thoiigh his hand remained on one handle. “I'm not sure that our agenda 
is the same.”
“This land no longer knows freedom. Our people are caged birds who have never flown. They 
do not l‹now to miss it. They are hardly aware that they have wings at all. We would remind 
them.”
“Not every creature with wings is destined to fly. Would you also see them tumble 
from their nests like a newborn chick, unable to use their wings to soften their fall?”
“I would give them the freedom to make that choice for themselves. In any case, we may be 
able to help each other. What is it that you seek, wanderer?”
“What 1 look for remains a mystery to us both.” “A hurden shared is a burden lightened.”
A pause stretched between them, silence reigning as Katsu sized up the man before him. 
Despite the mask, he did seem genuine, and sincere about his offer of help. Beside which, 
if there were any chance that this
man might know a possible lead on a cure, it was his duty to ask.
“My clan has suffered from an illness for generations. It is a curse, and we have yet to find 
its source or why it continues to affect us. I search for a way to help, perhaps even cure the 
illness altogether.”
After a long moment, the man nodded, looking thoughtful.
‘While we may not have a cure to give you, there might be a way for us to help. 
Across Misteria, there are several hidden locations built by Ari's Scales to store and conceal 
anything that they want hidden from the public. Most hold scrolls, information collected by 
the Scales over the centuries, but some also hold artefacts.
The Crimson Haze were planning to send a team to infiltrate one of these 
strongholds. The particular building that we are targeting also holds several 
powerful artefacts. There may well be one there with curative properties. If not, 
you may still have the opportunity to find some information on what might be ailing your 
clan.”


‘You vrould let a stranger accompany you into the heart ofyour enemies' home?”
’be would give a fellow wanderer a chance ro free his people from their burden. Our 
paths are not so dissimilar.”
With no other leads on the disease, and little to lose, Katsu finally nodded in agreement.
“Ifyou are willing to have me accompany you, I would be grateful for the opportunity.”

Culmination
Through the blan ket of mist, the entrance to the building was completely 
obscured, a hairline fracture in the clifi face. Yet as they drew closer, the fracture slowly 
opened up to reveal a stairway leading down into the mountain itself. As they stalked 
down the hallway, the others slowly peeled dway, leaving Katsu winding through 
the shadows alone.
While he lacked a m.ap for the building, the rebel's instructions were detailed, leading 
him past the guarded entrances and rooms, and into the heart or ‹he 
stronghold. Those few times that he crosseci p.mths with one of the Scales, he slunk 
back into the shadows, a simple breeze wrapping dround him to obscure his 
presencc. Finally, he reached his destiii.ation, not.a a single person alerted to the 
intruder i n their midst.
The darkened hall slowly opened up to reveal a large chamber, shelves lining the walls. 
 Not a single artefact was anywhere in sight, nor any item that could possi bly help him. 
Instead, hundreds of scrolls were stacked upon the shelves, neatly organised and covereri in a 
very I ight layer ofdrisr.
Katsu stepped toward the centre of the room, where a single pedestal stood, constructed 
of white polished marble, with a jat)e tray containing six more scrolls. They were larger 
than many of the other scrolls in thc room, free of dust and clearly well-cared for.
Just as Ifitsu began to consider how to carry the scrolls with him, he s iñ Ae n ly paused, 
slowly turning toward the person slipping through the entranceway. 
Immediately, he noted the Iacl‹ of'weapons on the man's person, the 1 ight wrappings on 
 his hands and feet, unobscured by the same fabric that hid his face and the rest 
of°his body from view.
Itatsu drew his kociachi just in t ime, stoppi ng forward to block the grandmaster's attack. 
Qyiick and strong, the master darted around ftatsu, striking out with sharp, swift 
strikes. His bindings bobbed back and forth as he struck out, using pure skill to work 
his way past Katsu's defenses. Katsu quickly whipped up a gust of wind, using the blast of'air to 
push the master backward.
1t earned him only a fraction of an instant, but it was enough for hint to shift the how 
of battle, putting him bacl‹ on the oflensive. The pair dancerl around one 
another, blocking and dodging, trying to brcak through their opponent's defenses. Despite h is 
speed and agility, the mdster was rooted to the earth, as if there was a chain physically 
connecting him to the ground. Even Katsti's strongest attacks could only make him budge 
 an inch, earning a single second to try and land another blow.
As he called the wind to him, he lashed out at the rn.ester, finally arriving him 
bark once more. Yet in one fluid motion, the master quickly struck out at a small, 
barely noticeable metal disc attached to the nearby wall. The quiet chiiiie that sounded in 
response slowly grew, reverberating nutr! it had reached the intensity and pitch of 
 a large, brass gong. the sound echoed th rough the chamber, .met Katsu heard more of 
these begin to ring in the distance, a warning to any member of Aui's Sca!es in the 
building.
More men ran into the room, drawing their wea pons
.is the master descended on Katsu once more. Within moments, he was defending himself on 
all sides. Calling the win‹ls tow.trol him, he felt the a ir whip into a gale, circling 
him with the force of a growing storm. The energy coursed through his l‹odachi, 
answering his beck and caII.
Growing stronger with e.Fch passing seconcl, the wincl
coursed througia the room, circling rho chamber.

The roar of the wind blocked out all other sounds as it reached the pitch of a full 
tempest, dragging each and every man in the room into its w.Ake, Katsti standing 
steadfast in the eye of the growing storm. The gust struck the master with d shdrp crack, 
sending him Ayr ag into the stone wall. In .an instant, the fight was over .as every member 
of the Scales was flung into the stone,

knocking them unconscious.

Yet as Katsu began to sheath his kodachi, more ninjas came down the hallway, heading straight 
 towards him, swords drawn and ready to attack. With a quiet sigh, he began preparing for 
another fight, drawing the winds about him - but suddenly stopped to glance at 
the entranceway.
Members of the Crimson Haze slowly began to make their way into the room - many more than the 
six that he had initially arrived with. The red fabric they wore did little to disguise 
 the crimson stains marking their clothes, blood spatter coating their chests and arms.
The ninjas belonging to Aui's Scales, taking note of the numbers before them, almost moved as if 
to retreat - yet before they could, the Crimson Haze were upon them, cutting them down 
without hesitation. Many of the rebels' present began slitting the throats of those 
lying on the ground, not bothering to wipe the blood from their blades. Slowly, their 
leader stepped forward once more, gesturing to the pile of scrolls, still sitting neatly in 
their jade tray upon the pedestal.
“I see you found what we were looking for.”

“What happened to your small task force?” Katsu intoned; his voice low.
“It doesn't matter.” The man lifted his hand, curling his index finger. “We're here 
 to take those scrolls, anything else ishours.”
“Not until you tell me what information it is that you're looking for.” That gave 
 the man halt, Katsu watching as his hand dropped back to his side.
“None of your concern. What was it that you said to the ScaIes7” He paused for a moment, 
before nodding to himself."My plans are no business ofyours.”
“They become my business when you trick me into doingyour dirty work.” Katsu nodded to the 
people lying around him, fingers tightening around his kodachi. "lt's obvious that you were using 
me as a distraction.
Did you expect me to defeat the Grandmaster guarding the scroll, or had you 
intended for me to act as
a buffer while you took care of the rest of the Scales in the building?”
The rebel leader sighed heavily, pointing to the
pedestal.

“Just let us take them, wanderer. There's no need for conflict over such a simple task. 
You don't even need to lift a finger.”
“No. I may not know what your plans are, but I wager that they're not as altruistic as you choose 
to believe.”
“...very well, then.” The man shrugged. “It's clear that you are well on your way to 
ascending to grandmaster, but facing these odds, even the most talented ninja cannot 
fight alone and expect to walk away. 1 would prefer that we ended this without conflict, 
 but you have clearly made up your mind. You will tire sooner or later.”
Yet before any of them could take a single step, Katsu held out a hand, halting the group. He 
turned his head slightly, looking over his shoulder at the air behind him.


“I have felt the wind stirring for some time now.Ifyou are so determined to keep an eye on me, 
you might as well join us.”
After a moment's pause, a breeze rolled through the room, revealing four grandmasters 
 standing behind him. Each slowly drew their weapons, scrolls fluttering as a wind began to 
stir, rousing at the promise ofa fight. As one, the Crimson Haze slowly began to retreat 
from the room, leaving the leader standing at the forefront.

”We will remember this.” With that, he left as well, disappearing into the shadowed hall.
Katsu turned to face the grandmasters, bowing his head.
”1 appreciate the support, though I'm not sure why you followed me. I thought none of 
you were ready to leave Mugenshi Gorge just yet.”
“It was not the right time.” Before Katsu could respond, Takumi held out a 
hand, pausing. ’then you decided to leave, it became the right time. You have shown that 
our clan is a secret no longer.”
”So, you were following me from the beginning.”

’You are Mugenshi. We would not let you face this alone.” Takumi gestured to the scrolls.
Katsu turned to inspect the contents of the jade tray, slowly unfurling the topmost 
scroll. A list of unfamiliar names stretched down the length of the parchment, each with 
some description of their last known location and current status. Some were held within 
Misteria, while others were scattered across Rathe.
While the names of some seemed to hint at their abilities or properties, none were 
properly described, only their titles carefully noted down. Katsu turned to recite some 
of the names to the Grandmasters, watching as their expressions visibly changed.
"Do you recognise any of these?"

“Many of these were thought to be lost, though it seems as irAui's Scales has been 
tracking them all along.” Master Saori paused, looking thoughtfully at the scroll in Katsu's hands.
"The Crimson Haze mentioned that one of the artefacts might be able to lead us to a 
cure for the Seikan. It‘s possible that they were lying, but this is our best lead.” 
Katsu gathered the scrolls, wrapping them carefully in his bundle. ’be must find 
them.”
'While many of these items are unknown to us, we can start by telling you of the ones we know. 
 The 8lades of the Seasons, the Masks of Misfortune, the...”
‘You support this?” Leading the way through the darkened hall, Katsu glanced toward 
 the grandmasters. “I thought that you might try to stop me.”
“Ifyou do not enter the tiger's cave, you will not catch its cub. We have sat idle for too 
long, and now that we have a lead, it is our duty to find a cure for the clan.” As a they 
emerged into the pale light ofdawn, Takumi turned toward Katsu with a nod.
Adjusting his bundle, Katsu turned to lead the way back home, leaping from the cliff face 
and disappearing into the mists below.
BRAVO, SHOWSTOPPIR

The Star of the Show

Once a land of fobles, Prin nos disconnected fornthe rest of Rathe, proretted mm the 
ronjlicts end tmuhie that plngued the rest oJ rhe wold. Jts yeople were well<arrd for by a 
plentiful lack n uRured hy thr energy of the flow. As the fnndscnpe changed shaped by the 
passnge o/ the flow, the trunsJormations shaped the people of Aria us weft Its cheerful 
and carefree people have cultivated a culture rich in music, entertainment and celebrntion.
however, in recent nmes the Flow has become incrertsingly unstable, and a growing numbet of 
outsiders ate entering Aria. 7he volatile knew of the Flow Is chan@iiy the landscape of Aria 
 faster thati ever before, brin@n$ a sense of uneafie and coi›fusion to itfi people. 
Amongst t/ie uncertainr}' and disquiet, the traditions ondfestivals ofAria love become more 
impoftnnt than eyei, bringing a measure o/peace to the hearts of t[ie people.


A Rising Star

Even amongst the many taverns and festivals of Aria, nothing could possibly compare to the 
excitement of the Everfest Carnival. A massive, moving circus, the Everfest travels 
throughout Aria, a sea of brightly coloured big-tops boasting the biggest collection 
of performances in all of Rathe. Yet of all its acts, none were so famous or beloved as Bravo's 
Legendarium.
Bravo was raised amongst the strongmen and animal acts of the Valdur, growing up alongside 
great, majestic cesari, and tiny meeps that darted from stall to stall. Many of his 
closest friends were members of the Maela; oracles, bards, skalds, enchanters and 
fortune-tellers, all breezing about the Everfest in loose silks and layers of golden 
jewellery.
One of the Maela elders, a woman with fine white hair and a single eye, always made time for 
the young boy. She often spent time sharing the tales of Aria with him, spinning both 
fanrastical tales and old legends. Bravo listened to tales of powerful enchanters and 
mysterious shamans, of magical artefacts and hidden wonders. lt sparked a hunger for stories 
untold, and even as an adult, Bravo continued to seek out more.
One day, when he was eighteen years old, 8ravo decided to perform one of the old 
legends within the Everfest, bringing it to life upon the stage. ]oined by a
bard, two strongmen and an enchantress, he recreated one of Aria's most beloved tales; 
the legend of Magnus the Vigilant.
The performances quickly became a staple of the Everfest, transforming into the 
Legendarium. As the act's popularity continued to grow, so did the size of Bravo's troupe. 
By the age of twenty-six, Bravo had amassed a troupe of over thirty performers and 
stagehands, and an act that was beloved by audiences across Aria.
While the troupe had their fair share of followers, it was Bravo who often found 
himself at the centre of attention. He often found himself overrun by avid fans, his 
charisma and confidence earning him admirers everywhere he went. Yet even as he enjoyed 
 performing, there was a part ofhim that still longed for more.
Call to Adventure



Growing up in the Everfest Carnival, Bravo had visited every village in Aria- yet 
no matter how many he travelled to, Aldevyr remained one of his favourites. A 
sprawling village, its buildings were scattered across the plains, ln the midst of summer, the 
Everfest made its way to Aldevyr once more, greeted with the sight of lush, dense meadows 
overrun with flowers.

With the Legendarium on hiatus, many of the troupe members had scattered across Aria, taking 
their time to visit other villages and explore. After spending the previous day 
helping to set up the many tents and stalls or the Everfest, Bravo was looking forward to 
spending his morning in the company of a nice, tall glass of alder cider inside the local 
tavern.
However, just as he was fastening the buttons on his favourite crimson coat, he heard 
someone clear their throat. In the open doorway of his tent, Gawain and Morgan stood, 
imposing in the light of C the morning sun.
Bravo had met the duo many moons ago, when they first arrived within the Everfest. 
Seeing their broad shoulders and muscles, their old-world appearance, and their stalwart 
natures, Bravo had approached and asked the pair to join his troupe. Reserved and tacitum, 
 they were excellent at supportive roles, and quickly became staple members of the 
Legendarium.
With the act currently on break, it was hardly surprising to see the pair with 
packs and travelling gear. However, when 8ravo asked about their plans, they stared at 
him blankly.
“The wayfarers have summoned us.” Morgan was the slightly more talkative of the 
pair, his deep timbre echoing in the small space. “We leave for the Fractal Scar.”
Bravo looked from their grim expressions to the packs upon their shoulders, to the weapons 
clasped at their sides. While GaWain and Morgan originally arrived at the Everfest with ad 
pair of finely crafted greataxes, Bravo rarely saw the weapons. To see the greataxes once 
more, in the same moment that GaWain and Morgan were departing for the Fractal Scar at the 
request ofa wayfarer.
It reminded Bravo of the tales that they performed, of noble defenders leaving on a quest; 
 an adventure that would take them across Aria in the pursuit of protecting the innocent 
Gawain and Morgan, leaving on some grand journey; clad in armour and fiirs, wielding 
 their greataxes with pride. Travelling for months, perhaps years; a journey taking 
them from village to village in search of their target, helping townsfolk and rescuing 
fair maidens from harm. At last, when they arrive at their
destination, a great evil would appear before them, one that they are destined to defeat...
Gawain and Morgnn stood toe to toe with as ancient creature, somethinglong 
forgottenby the people ofAria Covered in scales, it raised its head with a bellowing roar and 
launched itselftoward them. They fought valiantly, taking blow after blow as they worf‹ed 
together to decent the beast. At Inst Morgan got close enough to the creature to find an opening in 
its defenses. With a single swing ofhis greataxe, he beheaded the great beast, silencing it once 
end Jr rift. They rerum to the townsfolk with the creature’s heak arriving to the 
sound of cheering. the townsfolk hold a festival in their honour, a to/‹en of thanks for 
their valiant heroes...
Bravo clapped once, decisively, nodding his head. “I'm coming with you.”
Gawain and Morgan looked to one another, the taller of the pair silently raising an 
eyebrow. After a long moment, they turned back toward him. To anyone else, Gawain's 
expression would have looked exactly the same, but Bravo had known him long enough to 
glimpse a hint of resignation in his fixed stare.

Morgan shrugged.”We leave at noon.“

lt didn't take long for Bravo to gather his things, his pack still mostly untouched from 
arriving in Aldevyr the previous day. The last thing he gathered was his beloved mallet, Anothos, 
forged from polished wood and finely hammered silversteel, He stopped to 
visit his companions amongst the Maela, and those of his troupe who hall stayed within 
Aldevyr. Once he had said his goodbyes, he left to meet Gawain and Morgan just 
beyond the outermost circle oftents.


The Hero's Journey
they visited seemed to know why all the creatures had disappeared. Each person they 
spoke to only described the feeling of waking up one morning to an unusual silence and 
venturing outside to find the plains empty.
’’ The three men began to feel an increasing sense of urgency. 
Every wayfarer they passed on their journey seemed to fly across the earth, racing 
past with their
' dowsing discs aglow. 5ome travelled on foot, traversing the rolling fields with 
surprising speed; others rode on the backs of fianna and vitr'eo, their long 
braids streaming behind them as they sped past, in the Tipposite direction to the 
Fractal Scar.
One night, they stopped in a village close to their destination, arriving to find 
the buildings dark and quiet. The townsfolk were nowhere to be found. their 
belongings leR behind, plates still set on tables, mugs of cider and mulled wine strewn about, 
half-empty.
While Gawain and Morgan scouted out the rest of the

The trio began their ’ourne across Aria, making their way toward the massive 
crystalline cliffs of the Fractal Scar. The long days and balmy evenings of midsummer 
allowed them to spend more hours travelling during the day, spending their nights sleeping 
beneath the gentle light of the stars. The towns they passed through were more than 
happy to give them a place to rest, gifting them fruit, bottles of ale, and loaves 
of fresh bread for them to take on their journey.
While travellers were common across Aria, the trio encountered more travellers than 
tisual heading in the same direction as themselves, mysterious individuals that seemed 
 out of place amongst the quiet, peaceful villages. An enchantress garbed in fine, iridescent 
 silks; a strongman wearing simple stage armour; a wayfarer dressed in verdant broadcloth 
and worn brown leathers; a you ng woman with pale hair dressed entirely in kaie'o fur; a giant 
ofa man wearing a massive horned helm, and aII of them travelling toward the Fractal Scar.
However, as they grew closer to their destination, the atmosphere began to change. The 
towns and villages they visited seemed a little quieter. Despite the bright sunshine and 
 balmy warmth of midsummer, there was no birdsong, no kaie'o darting across the 
fields, no fianna roaming the landscape. It seemed as if there were no animals to be found at 
all, and none of the towns
village, Bravo searched the local tavern, looking for some sign of the people that had abandoned 
 their homes. All of the casks were intact, chairs left sitting at their tables, the beds 
upstairs half-made, Some of the rooms still had packs in them, though none revealed any 
clues about their missing owners.
As Bravo began to make his way downstairs, he heard a quiet chitter. Anyone who visited the 
Everfest Carnival knew to keep an eye out for the mischievous meeps. Growing up within 
the Everfest, Bravo had developed a keen awareness for the distinct sound ofa meep making its 
 move, the only warning one might get before the creatures made offwith one's purse.
Sure enough, Bravo turned to find a meep sitting on the balustrade, its beady little gaze 
 fixed pointedly on one of Bravo's golden earrings. It was incredibly rare to find a meep 
outside of the Everfest Carnival, the perfect environment for the tiny thieves. Yet here one 
was, and in a deserted village no less.
Several minutes later, Bravo descended to find Gawain and Morgan waiting for him, leaning against 
the tavern's counter. As they turned toward him, he watched their gaze flick to his 
missing earring, and then to the meep sitting happily on his shoulder, a single gold ring 
strung onto its tail. In response to their confused looks,

the meep chittered happily, waving its prize in the air.


Transformation
According to Morgan, the wayfarers had set up camp near the Fractal Scar, rallying 
those who came to offer their aide. Marbles, drawn to the flash of sunlight 
reflected by dowsing discs, led them from Wayfarer to wayfarer, all making their way 
to the Fractal Scar. They were soon pointed in the right direction, and without Marbles' 
help, it may have taken them weeks to find their way through the icy plains.
However, when they finally arrived at the village, the scene before them sent a chill down 
their spines. Unlike the gentle, roIling meadows of Aldevyr, the village that lay before 
them was an ashen husk of its former self. Houses lay abandoned, open doors swinging in the 
wind, blood smeared against the charred wood.
The wayfarers had claimed a small section of land at the edge of the village, making 
use of the blacksmith's forge as a meeting place. Bravo approached one of them, a slender young 
man in the process of restringing his bow. Like many of the other wayfarers, he sat 
with his shoulders slumped, dark circles hanging beneath his eyes, skin sallow, eyelids 
drooping as he struggled to stay focused on the bow in his hands. Clearing his throat, 
Bravo politely greeted the young man, receiving a small, tired smile in response. Both 
stared silently for a moment, speech faltering, before Bravo finally gestured to the 
village around them.
"What happened?"

With a sigh, the young man began to share a report from one of the older wayfarers. Many 
years ago, a group of wayfarers had come across a massive sinkhole to the south of Aria, 
where the earth had suddenly caved in. Assuming that it was the work ofthe Flow, they filled
in the sinkhole with the help of some local townsfolk and thought nothing more of it.
Then, several months ago, in the early hours before dawn, a deep, rolling rumble woke 
several villages from their slumber. The ground quaked as people emerged from their homes, 
searching for the source of the sound - but found nothing. No changes had affected the land 
around their town, no shimmer in the air to show the influence of the Flow; it seemed as 
if the earth itself had mysteriously woken from a deep slumber.
Some of the townsfolk set out to check the surrounding area, only to 
stumble across the cause by accident. They witnessed the surface of the earth begin to 
crack apart, and before anyone could think to get to safety, a swarm of creatures burst 
 out of the sinkhole, clawing their way through the pile of loose dirt.
The swarm descended upon the town and any villages near the Fractal Scar in a 
 mindless rampage, slaughtering anything that crossed their path. The wayfarer 
called them dregs, humanoid figures with bloated, rotting bodies; their faces 
were a mass of melted, discoloured skin, dripping the length of their bony, twisted 
limbs. When they attacked, the air was heavy with the smell of burning flesh, bile 
and decay, steam rising from their open wounds.
After giving Bravo, Gawain and Morgan some advice on how to kill the creatures, he 
told them where to go next; a village heavily hit by the attacks, where their help was 
desperately needed.
For months, they travelled along the edges of the Fractal Scar, hunting down dregs 
and helping others who had stepped up to the task. Some of the villages that they came across 
were still occupied, their townsfolk carefully guarded by defenders in makeshift 
armour. Other villages lay abandoned, left vacant by fleeing townspeople, destroyed 
by the swarm of dregs following in their wake.
Marbles helped in his own way, darting onto Bravo's shoulder to chitter at drained 
defenders and anxious townsfolk. His tiny, expressive face often brought a smile to people's 
faces, bringing some amount of levity to the tension hanging in the air.

Even as his heart grew weary, Bravo began to grow accustomed to this new way of 
life, learning to use Anothos for true battle. Hunting dregs alongside Gawain and Morgan, 
Bravo developed skills necessary to keep himself alive, and eliminate the 
creatures that threatened his home.
Final Battle
The trio were making their way back to the wayfarer's base, seeking another quest, when 
they received word of a large swarm of dregs advancing further into Arid. A call went out to anyone 
within range, asking them to gather at a nearby valley. The trio immediately changed course and 
made their way to the meeting point, arriving to find a small crowd preparing themselves 
for battle.

Even to one who had grown up in the Everfest Carnival, the collection of 
people gathered in the valley were mysterious and unfamiliar. Makeshift armour, worn 
leathers, faded silks and mended linens were Worn alongside ancient helmets and layers ofgolden 
jewellery. Some looked as if they had stepped straight out of an act in the Everfest, others as if 
they'd just emerged from the tavern for the first time in months.
Yet all of them were prepared to fight, weapons at the ready, from bows to greataxes, 
hammers to daggers, enchantments to potions and poisons. The defender at the head of 
the valley, a towering man dressed in a patchwork collection of various pieces of armour, 
called everyone to arms. Those gathered leapt into action, following him toward the 
village to face the swarm.
A massive group of dregs milled about the buildings, eerily silent as they moved. 
Some of them dragged chains behind them, still attached to manacles around their 
neck. Others had scraps of torn fabric hanging from their skin or clutched at 
pieces of armour and leather. One had a human hand clasped in its claws, still wearing a 
strange metallic gauntlet on what remained of its forearm.
As a battle cry went up, the swarm turned towards the commotion. The dregs were faster 
than Bravo had expected, moving quickly despite their bent and twisted limbs. The pungent 
smell ofdecay filled the air, thick
and cloying, building at the back of his throat until it burned. Swinging Anothos 
overhead, he slammed the hammer into a dreg's skull, sending it colliding into the earth. 
Turning on his heel, he caught another in the temple before it could sink its claws into 
him.
Due of the larger dregs towered over him, a snarl escaping from somewhere behind the 
mass of melted skin covering its face. As it lunged toward him, he stumbled, and 
couldn't raise Anothos in time to stop it from tearing into his arm. Out of the corner of his 
eye, he caught a glimpse of another dreg advancing, its mouth hanging partially open as it 
threw itself forward.
In that instant, Bravo suddenly felt the world tilt sideways, and a number of 
things happened in quick succession. A sharp pain burst to life behind his eyes, almost 
 blinding him. The world took on a bright, hazy glare, an u nnatural heat coursing through 
his veins. Por just a moment, he could have sworn that he saw a spectral shape in 
the air before him, curling through the light in the same way that a cesari moves through the air. 
That same iridescent light coiled up his arm, charging through the polished wood of 
Anothos. The hammer shimmered, and a rainbow of colours burst forth, radiant and 
shining.
Instinctually, he swung Anothos S in a wide arc, and the mallet collided with the bottom 
of the dreg's jaw. Irs skull immediately exploded, fragments of bone dropping 
to the grass at its feet. Bravo charged at the other dreg on his left, taking its 
head off its shoulders with a single swing, and a sickening, liquid crunch. Gawain 
and Morgan appeared in the midst of the fray, their greataxes a flash ofsilver in his 
peripheral vision.

Dreg after dreg collapsed to the ground, bodies dropping to encircle Bravo as he made 
short work of the

creatures around him. Every swing sent another dreg slamming into the earth, bones 
cracking beneath the force of every hammer strike. Before long, the last dreg fell, 
leaving the village silent as every person present slowly turned ro look at their 
surroundings.
A cheer sounded through the valley, ringing between the buildings as everyone gathered 
themselves, pleased to see their companions still standing. Gawain and Morgan 
turned toward Bravo, mostly unharmed, relief and pride colouring their usual deadpan 
expressions.
In the coming days, they helped to search the hills for any remaining dregs, but with the 
majority of the force dealt with, it seemed as if peace would reign once more. Some of the 
townsfolk even began to return to their original homes, as defenders helped to set up 
protective measures and begin repairs.
Bravo spent most of his time with the villagers, talking with the townsfolk and putting on 
short performances alongside Gawain and Morgan. Many of those present recognised him from 
 the Everfest Carnival, and he soon found himself the star of the show once more.
While the villages had only just begun the long road to recovery, they put on ad festival 
 to celebrate their victory, making Bravo one of their honoured guests. He stopped to 
talk to each person that wanted to offer their gratitude, accepting their kind words with 
a smile and wink.
After many months away from their home, Bravo and his companions finally decided to return to 
the Everfest Carnival. Saying their goodbyes, they began to make their way north, Marbles 
in tow.

Homecoming

The entire troupe was waiting for them when they arrived, welcoming them home with 
wide smiles and no small amount of celebration. The Legendarium's bard, Mikael, was 
bursting with new ideas, launching into a report of all the new stories he'd learned 
while in the Milesian Ranges. Meanwhile, Marbles emerged from Bravo's pack, greeting 
the troupe with an excited chitter.
While he was happy to see his family and friends once
more, it felt strange to return to the Everfest after spending so many months 
away. Even as he greeted his troupe, his mind drifted back to the battles and the 
creatures they faced, the happiness expressed by each villager as they finally returned 
home.
He had heard wayfarers speak of unusual changes in the Flow, and one had hinted that the 
dregs were not the only threat to Aria. Change was coming rapidly, and the

events at the Fractal Scar were only the beginning. Bravo would not lose the Everfest to 
creatures like the dregs, and he would not let it be destroyed, like the barren 
villages that they had come across in their travels. He vowed to find a way to protect 
the Everfest Carnival, and all the other villages and towns that they visited across Aria.
As Bravo greeted his companions, following them
into the sea of tents with a broad grin, a single figure remained near the edge of 
the tents. An old woman, dressed in the loose silks and woven fabrics of the 
oracles, her golden jewellery marking her as one of the Maela. Her single eye gleamed 
as she watched Bravo leave, a small smile tugging at the corners of her lips.
"At last, it is time. The Guardians shall return once more.”
